Okay,
I'm going to call to order uh the town
of Andover Board of Selectment special
meeting for Monday, March 30th, 2026.
We're going to get started at 7:01.
Our first order uh of business is the
pledge of allegiance. So I pledge
allegiance to the flag of the United
States of America and to the republic
for which it stands, one nation under
God, indivisible, with liberty and
justice for all. All right. Thank you
very much. Uh item two, public speak.
So
um
I see the the seniors in the community
center.
Um,
does anyone have anything that they
would like to say before the meeting
starts?
And do you have a microphone?
I cannot hear you.
Okay. So, we'll move to other sections
right now. So, Louise Goodwin,
>> I'm all set. Thank you.
>> Joanne Heert,
>> hi. I just wanted to say that um I'm
glad I was able to serve on the
committee for um you know selecting a
new town administrator. I thought the
process went well. I thought there was a
lot of applicants as Bill D. Roger said
the other night at the board of finance
meeting when we both spoke up a little
bit. Um there was, you know, over 20
candidates. We had narrowed it down to
five or six with some finalists
selected. And I thank the board of
selectmen, you know, for doing your job
now, for wanting to interview all of the
finalists. You know, it's going to be a
big job. It's time for a town
administrator with all the changes, the
resignations,
um, you know, union contracts coming up,
big projects. Um, you know, and and
thank you for doing your job and taking
the time to interview all of the
candidates so that you could get the
right selection. And my hope is that we
get someone in place because there's so
many things going on. Thank you,
>> Carrie Compton.
>> I'm all set. Thank you.
>> All right,
Toriiana Williams.
>> I'm all good. Thank you.
>> All right, Kimberly Pan,
>> all set. Thank you. All right, Tess GR.
>> All set for now. Thank you, Jeff.
>> All right. Uh, and again, we'll go back
to the senior center. Uh, do you guys
have a microphone?
You can shake your head.
No. Okay. All right. Then we have we
we're going to have to skip you guys on
public speak. All right.
Okay. Um, so we're good with that. Uh,
I'm going to go to item four. We're
going to move into executive session. So
during this, what we're going to do is
we're going to put um um
everybody into the waiting room. Tess,
we will ask you to join us in executive
session uh when we uh get to the part of
our discussion that relates to your
position. Um so I will recall you from
the waiting room. So does anybody uh on
the board have any problems with that?
No, we all good. All right. So, I'll
make a motion that we we go into
executive session for discussion on the
town administrative candidate and
executive session for discussion of the
community and senior center director
contract.
>> Second.
>> All right. All those in favor?
>> I. So, it's five nothing. So, everybody
for the time being, I'm going to put
each one of you into uh the waiting
room.
Okay.
Okay. So to all the members that were in
the waiting room, we apologize that we
had some issues that we had to sit there
and um
uh deal with. And uh we're now going to
come out of executive session. The
recording has started and we're going to
move on. And um
I'm going to u make a motion that uh
the board of a uh of selectmen has is
authorizing
the
ish I don't want to say it that way.
>> Jeff, just one question. Is this is this
item number up there or do we have to do
the other one first?
>> Oh, it doesn't matter. But yeah, we can
do yours. Go ahead, Ann. You go with
your motion.
We authorize our chosen candidate to be
hired for the position of town
administrator.
>> Okay. Why don't you why don't you put
his name out there?
>> Okay. Um Matt Strereer
and hopefully to start April 13th.
>> Second.
>> Seconded by Carol Lee.
Okay. Uh, further discussion on it.
Okay. We'll go through uh, roll call.
Annay,
>> hi.
>> Carol Lee,
>> Jeff Murray,
>> hi.
>> Scott Person.
Jeff Magcguire. I So, five nothing. And
so, uh, on item six, discussion and
possible action on the renewal of the
community and senior center director's
contract. Uh, I'm going to make a motion
that we authorize the um
drafting of a two-year contract for the
renewal of the contract between the town
of Andover and Tess Grouse for the
community and senior center director.
>> I'll second.
>> Seconded by Carol Lee. Further
discussion.
A roll call. An creme
Carol Lee
>> I
>> Jeff Murray
>> hi
>> Scott Person
Jeff Maguire I that's five nothing um
test we will start working on drafting
that and getting that done as quickly as
we possibly can and uh get moved
forward. All right.
>> Thank you. So, uh, we're going to move
on to item seven, which is public speak,
and we're going to go through, um,
so how about we start at the senior
center because that looks like it's a
lot of fun.
>> Yeah.
>> Um,
>> what are they doing juggling that phone
in there?
>> I don't know.
Uh, does anyone at the community center
want to say and want to participate in
public speak?
No, I can't hear you again either. So,
you don't want to look at my face twice.
That is not good thing.
So, okay. Well,
>> I don't even Jesse personally.
>> No, thank you. All set.
>> All right. Luis Goodwin.
>> I'm good. Thank you.
>> All right. Bata Gadamski.
>> All set. Thanks.
>> Uh Jan, I don't know your last name.
>> Okay, we'll come back to you. Kimberly
Persam.
>> All set. Thank you.
>> Uh Toriiana Williams.
>> All good. Thank you.
>> All right. Joanne Heert.
happy to see that you've come to a
decision and are putting a candidate
forward and um looking forward to seeing
how everything goes in town when he
starts. Thank you.
>> Uh Leanne Hutchinson,
>> I'm all set. Thank you.
>> Okay, I'm going to go back to Jan for
one second.
Uh Tess Grouse,
>> I'm all set. I just appreciate you all.
Thank you.
>> All right. And then I am really sorry
about the senior center. We're gonna
have to work on our technological skills
there. Um so
um thank you for going there and using
that building. It's great to sit there
and see you all there. So I'll wave to
you all. All right. There you go.
>> Yeah. And while we're thinking about it,
Tess, we need to get some video
conferencing equipment in there so we
can actually have an online chat. Yes.
>> Okay. Great. Did I miss Did I miss
anyone in the uh chat?
Okay. Uh, I'll make a motion that we
adjourn.
>> Second that.
>> Seconded by Jeff Murray. Uh, we'll all
vote. Anne Kay
>> Hi.
>> Carol Lee.
>> I.
>> Jeff Murray.
>> Scott Person.
Jeff Magcguire. I 5 nothing. Everybody,
thank you very much for attending. We
apologize for keeping you in the waiting
room for so long. Thank you. You